It looks like we still have a browser window closing and reopening during the login process and then a browser window successfully minimizes, but it takes awhile.

I'm also seeing in the terminal:
Scraping: Replit-Export-Tool
Navigating to: https://replit.com/t/quickshoe-llc/repls/Replit-Export-Tool
Page DOM loaded successfully.
Waiting for page to settle...

Pre-check: Checking if Replit Agent is currently working...
  Waiting for chat panel to load... (attempt 1/5)
  Waiting for chat panel to load... (attempt 2/5)
  Detection: No stop button detected (chat form NOT found) — assuming idle
  Replit Agent is idle. Proceeding with scraping.

  So the agent activity/idle is not being detected. Perhaps the DOM doesn't allow the detection of the chat window, or it's not in the DOM of the chat and is in a separate element.

  It also seems that the timestamp detection has gotten worse. Take a look at the terminal results:
  Chat container found: none (will use fallback scrolling)
Step 1: Scrolling to load full chat history...
Loaded 16 new messages... waiting for new messages...
Reached time limit for loading history (60s)

Step 1b: Expanding targeted sections (messages & actions, checkpoints, worked for)...
  Expanded 202 collapsed sections

Step 2: Scraping Git tab for commit history...
  Scrolled Git tab (2 rounds, found ~0 commit elements)
  Step 2b: Clicking a relative timestamp to convert all to absolute...
  WARNING: Could not scrape Git commits: page.evaluate: ReferenceError: __name is not defined
    at eval (eval at evaluate (:290:30), <anonymous>:1:359)
    at UtilityScript.evaluate (<anonymous>:292:16)
    at UtilityScript.<anonymous> (<anonymous>:1:44)
  Timestamps may remain relative. Extraction will continue but some timestamps may be missing.

Step 3: Navigating back to chat panel...
  Clicked chat panel tab
  Chat panel confirmed (1233 containers found)
Step 4: Hovering over duration elements to capture precise tooltips...
  Found 83 work entry containers to check for precise durations
  Captured 32 precise duration tooltips via hover
Step 5: Extracting all chat data...
  Phase 3: Extracting data from 1233 containers...
  Extracted from 1233 containers.
  DOM debug saved: exports/dom-debug.json

  Results summary:
    Messages: 589 (54 user, 535 agent)
    Checkpoints: 61
    Work entries: 83
    Git commits: 0
    Items with timestamps: 704/733 (29 item(s) at start of conversation may lack timestamps)
    Extraction time: 3m 5s
